Hello
dc and visual all of our guys here ours
dear bofa color that speaks to you and
orge cases we were in for the episode
challenge number 3 takes revenge for
who does not remember the challenge
minimum said consists in making one
revenge with a village that does not
I know he attacked me a short time
does using troops that you have me
imposed in the previous video
as you have seen before the alma needles
challenged with this fishing golem challenge
a slow thing healers are
I don't even know if slow troops will make a
I miss a star
we will see today if I can do
this star in any case I remind you of
leave comments
the next challenge that I will have to do then
the next troops I will have to use for
my next charlie smith revenge
so at least you will be glad you will be
saying vaffa but how do you do now
troops we have to wait for them to do
obviously the jams or why here I owe them
gemiamo well being a new attack e
innovative if we can call it that
I have to see which troops to choose
that is the amount of troops I have to do
because I wouldn't know either
I would say I still do 12 I do n't know
not even because with the 2 golems you give the two
goal and then we do five healers not
I don't even know if 5 healers are good
boh let's see how many pikes I can
still do three sins then others
runners
I can only make one and break moon
not even a smash muros allowed but the
I can make a barbarian and behold
the only thing anyway that he forgot
yaki tell me the people I can use
therefore I will choose myself in my own
motions and seen however that it is a
very slow attack will use a bit of fury
a bit of jumps because otherwise we don't go
ahead, however, I have to waste now in the
my fury especially for you in emi and 4
lightning for you
let's go to rubbish them on those baggages
of goals
goblin excuse me I hope I am
dead but the mind and now we do the
our positions that are pure
those marley ideologies that pizza then
two furies and two gemmed jumps here
perfect as a waste 200 jammin a
super episode then let's see
which village will go against it today
so let's go to atac not an attack
already badly starts on register of
register of defenses and now let's go to
search in our village at
anyway since i'm in farmi not
they are very high levels that attack me
less bad, however, you never know
especially that these are always here
with the active shield but this one
we knew from when i started st
series expects the active shield if
every time he asks me the perfect question
perfect perfect to attention I don't miss
watched or so many resources that
luck also abandoned to the va well is not
said however that I do a miracle
the real is however I can use them though
oh well there is his reggina let's see a little bit
bonus or if I see let's see let's see
then I say seen that abandoned in the
moment the clan troops are not there
I would also say to attack here perhaps
a little risked we touch attack
up here
but then our ghonim took it
therefore immediately against the air defense
we send here how it is possible that among the
so live
strange then we send a healer here
that makes my mom slow because me
if i send the sins i 'm sure they do
so I send my reggina around
that at least she goes around and we have it
solved a bit everything then maybe wrong
the fury will go a little faster
let's send everyone here and now if
I send epic and I knew he was doing the
ride stoba garozzo by give yourself a move
makes the jump that we are all with you
the other peaks also that he must false high
that sucks
nora clean for the castle fucking luca
that I have a shit waits where the other one
for but because they make all the turns
it's not possible to make the jump here
my mom and took the leap for no
my healer now we send the fury on
a single flaw that knows here why
others must go around peppe a
holy time and oh well
just in case we did it because
the only one that is now gone
muni dai is not bad healers are
giving life to those invincible golems
the only golem that knows here forever alone
no one knows what he is doing though
and here it is not going so much
bad we may have found a new one
strategy anyway i think not
enough shit okay anyway not there
a village has happened too
complicated, however, the ii and iii piccolo
sign a taste solemn attack tissi
there is a thing a disaster one more
slow of the other it finally spills yes
they decided to go in the middle
thank goodness and I look at this that makes the
first look at how to protect i
missed that is I do not know do not get you
destroy from this tower of gods
cabbage archers please please
by the grandfather given the reggina in the day acer
which also paid attention to the goal
still here it is immortal because now
all the curators who send his
dart susto golem and here is now
They have made the love of life and how
I had foreseen this attack anyway
too slow, unfortunately I won't do it
three stars but two stars certainly it
do because in short, that is, goals and I have
still live the rest is very well this
I don't understand it but it's okay if not me
just enough I recovered the resources
I am sincerely glad I did not
lamento namentamento especially that
or a question but the bonus of the
alloy I do it I do it or not there is
this is my question boh let's see a
what bulls they will take to heart
golems who are now immortal thanks
tension guys maybe we can do
we won't even be able to do a hundred
percent because two things are missing i
sin obviously have been around
because they have to go around and
3 percent will be missing to make a hundred
percent bad luck but it is this good
obviously the attack has ended missing
3 2 1 e e che cacchio I could not 99
do but I still remind you guys
leave a lay comment we come maybe
a 1200 like would be nice and behold
leave me the next challenge to others
a band is waiting for me that I don't
troubles and as usual
that
My mom made me great his
world
tiberina ok as usual guys
Saturday is that